Operator procedure for immutable KIE server from Maven repo (#131)
mramendi/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/openshift/operator-deploy-kieserver-proc.adoc

+
For instructions about creating custom images, see xref:customimage-con_{context}[].
+
. If you want to configure an immutable {KIE_SERVER} using a Source to Image (S2I) build, complete the following additional steps:
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you want to configure an immutable {KIE_SERVER} that pulls services from the Maven repository, do not click *Set Immutable server configuration* and do not complete these steps. Instead, set the `KIE_SERVER_CONTAINER_REPLOYMENT` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to configure an immutable {KIE_SERVER} that pulls services from the Maven repository, do not check *Set Immutable server configuration* checkbox and do not complete these steps. Instead, set the `KIE_SERVER_CONTAINER_REPLOYMENT` environment variable.
```

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33361640/99993740-04071880-2db0-11eb-882d-e7d4c904dbb4.png)

It is a button not a check box though?

Reviewer: ok, so, click on the "..." button and...?

> If you want to configure an immutable {KIE_SERVER} that pulls services from the Maven repository, do not click *Set Immutable server configuration* and do not complete these steps. Instead, set the `KIE_SERVER_CONTAINER_REPLOYMENT` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: Fix typo in variable name
```suggestion
If you want to configure an immutable {KIE_SERVER} that pulls services from the Maven repository, do not click *Set Immutable server configuration* and do not complete these steps. Instead, set the `KIE_SERVER_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` environment variable.
```

> If you want to configure an immutable {KIE_SERVER} that pulls services from the Maven repository, do not click the *Set Immutable server configuration* button and do not complete these steps. Instead, set the `KIE_SERVER_CONTAINER_REPLOYMENT` environment variable.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion - adopt UI style for buttons from IBMSG 212p:

`s/do not click the *Set Immutable server configuration* button and/do not click *Set Immutable server configuration* and`

====
+
.. Click *Set Immutable server configuration*.

> .. In the *KIE Server container deployment* field, enter the identifying information of the services (KJAR files) that the deployment must take from the result of a Source to Image (S2I) build. The format is `<containerId>=<groupId>:<artifactId>:<version>` or, if you want to specify an alias name for the container, `<containerId>(<aliasId>)=<groupId>:<artifactId>:<version>`. You can provide two or more KJAR files using the `|` separator, as illustrated in the following example: `containerId=groupId:artifactId:version|c2(alias2)=g2:a2:v2`.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion - replace "take" with "extract".

.. If your OpenShift environment does not have a connection to the public Internet, enter the URL of the Maven mirror that you set up according to <<offline-repo-proc_{context}>> in the *Maven mirror URL* field.
.. If you want to use an S2I build, the *Artifact directory* field, enter the path within the project that contains the required binary files (KJAR files and any other necessary files) after a successful Maven build. Normally this directory is the target directory of the build. However, you can provide prebuilt binaries in this directory in the Git repository.
.. If you want to use a custom base {KIE_SERVER} image for the S2I build, click *Set Base build image* and then enter the name of the image stream in the *Name* field. If the image stream is not in the `openshift` namespace, enter the namespace in the *Namespace* field. If you want to use a Docker image name and not an OpenShift image stream tag, change the *Kind* value to `DockerImage`.

> .. Click the *Set Git source* button and enter information in the following fields:

Reviewer: is this section specific for immutable with s2i?

Author: This entire big step, with all substeps. is *now* specific to immutable with S2I. We told the user earlier to "not complete these steps" for immutable with Maven

> .. Click the *Set Git source* button and enter information in the following fields:

Reviewer 3: Suggestion - adopt UI style for buttons from IBMSG 212p:

`s/Click the *Set Git Source* button and/Click *Set Git Source* and`

*** *S2I Git URI*:The URI for the Git repository that contains the source for your services.
*** *Reference*: The branch in the Git repository.
*** *Context directory*: (Optional) The path to the source within the project downloaded from the Git repository. By default, the root directory of the downloaded project is the source directory.

> .. If you are  want to set a Git Webhook so that changes in the Git repository cause an automatic rebuild of the {KIE_SERVER}, click *Add new Webhook*. Then select the type of the Webhook in the *Type* field and enter the secret string for the Webhook in the *Secret* field.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion - correct typo, remove then and that, and adopt UI description for the `Type` field:

`s/If you are  want to set/ If you want to set`

`s/so that changes/so changes`

`s/Then select the/Select the`

Question - is the Type field a drop down? if so:

`s/Select the type of the Webhook in the *Type* field and/Select the Webhook type from the *Type* list and`

If you created users on the MySQL version 8 server before enabling the `mysql_native_password` plugin, you must update the `mysql-user` table after you enable the plugin.
endif::PAM[]
. Optionally, depending on your needs, set environment variables. To set an environment variable, click *Add new Environment variable*, then enter the name and value for the variable in the *Name* and *Value* fields.

> ** If you want to configure an immutable KIE server that pulls services from the configured Maven repository, set the `KIE_SERVER_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` environment variable. The variable must contain the identifying information of the services (KJAR files) that the deployment must pull from the Maven repository. The format is `<containerId>=<groupId>:<artifactId>:<version>` or, if you want to specify an alias name for the container, `<containerId>(<aliasId>)=<groupId>:<artifactId>:<version>`. You can provide two or more KJAR files using the `|` separator, as illustrated in the following example: `containerId=groupId:artifactId:version|c2(alias2)=g2:a2:v2`.

Reviewer: add a link to the section where the maven repo configuration is explained.

Author: Sadly, a link is not exactly possible within the same section, but I will add a note that this has to be configured.

Author: The note was now added

Reviewer: thanks.
